Overview
Welcome to the 2026 Kaggle Playground Series! We plan to continue in the spirit of previous playgrounds, providing interesting and approachable datasets for our community to practice their machine learning skills, and anticipate a competition each month.

Your Goal: Predict whether a Formula 1 driver will pit on the next lap.

Start

15 days ago
Close

16 days to go
Evaluation
Submissions are evaluated on area under the ROC curve between the predicted probability and the observed target.

Submission File
For each id in the test set, you must predict a probability for the PitNextLap target. The file should contain a header and have the following format:

id,PitNextLap
439140,0.2
439141,0.3
439142,0.9
etc.
Timeline
Start Date - May 1, 2026
Entry Deadline - Same as the Final Submission Deadline
Team Merger Deadline - Same as the Final Submission Deadline
Final Submission Deadline - May 31, 2026
All deadlines are at 11:59 PM UTC on the corresponding day unless otherwise noted. The competition organizers reserve the right to update the contest timeline if they deem it necessary.

About the Tabular Playground Series
The goal of the Tabular Playground Series is to provide the Kaggle community with a variety of fairly light-weight challenges that can be used to learn and sharpen skills in different aspects of machine learning and data science. The duration of each competition will generally only last a few weeks, and may have longer or shorter durations depending on the challenge. The challenges will generally use fairly light-weight datasets that are synthetically generated from real-world data, and will provide an opportunity to quickly iterate through various model and feature engineering ideas, create visualizations, etc.

Synthetically-Generated Datasets
Using synthetic data for Playground competitions allows us to strike a balance between having real-world data (with named features) and ensuring test labels are not publicly available. This allows us to host competitions with more interesting datasets than in the past. While there are still challenges with synthetic data generation, the state-of-the-art is much better now than when we started the Tabular Playground Series two years ago, and that goal is to produce datasets that have far fewer artifacts. Please feel free to give us feedback on the datasets for the different competitions so that we can continue to improve!
